DEV-84: Add information about steps being separate HTTP calls (#809)
inngest/website: pages/docs/guides/multi-step-functions.mdx

await sleepUntil("wait-for-user-birthday", userBirthday);
```

### Unexpected loop behavior

> Users often find that loops in their functions do not behave as expected, leading to repeated or inconsistent operations. This issue arises because each step in Inngest is executed as a separate HTTP request. The function re-enters from the beginning for each step execution, causing loops to restart unless properly managed. To correctly implement loops, treat each iteration as an independent step using `step.run()` and `step.sleep()`, and encapsulate non-deterministic logic within steps.

Reviewer: **suggestion**: Rewording to clarify the reason as memoization, not necessarily HTTP. Also leading with the recommendation rather than state first that it's confusing. 

```suggestion
When using loops within functions, it is recommended to treat each iteration as it's own step or steps. 

When [functions are run](/docs/learn/how-functions-are-executed), the function handler is re-executed from the start for each new step and previously completed steps are memoized. This means that iterations of loops will be run every re-execution, but code encapsulated within `step.run()` will not re-run. 

If code within a loop is not encapsulated within a step, it will re-run multiple times, which can lead to confusing behavior, debugging, or [logging](/docs/guides/logging). This is why it is recommended to encapsulate non-deterministic code within a `step.run()` when working with loops.
```
